lesson_3_reflection-prompt.md, before:

When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When collaborating with other peers or simply because you travel and you want to have access to this repository from different devices.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    It´s easier to avoid conflicts, keeping your repo updated and with everything commited before pulling. Otherwise, you will never Know when the update will came.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Fill in your answer here

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Fill in your answer here

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here

Commit message:

Add reflection on forks, clones and branches

lesson_3_reflection-prompt.md, after:

When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When collaborating with other peers or simply because you travel and you want to have access to this repository from different devices.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    It´s easier to avoid conflicts, keeping your repo updated and with everything commited before pulling. Otherwise, you will never Know when the update will came.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are other people work, copied in my Github workspace, widely similar to clone, but allows to track how many people has forked the repository.
    Clones are copies of others or own remote repositories.
    Branches are different context of work within the same repository

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Fill in your answer here

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
