lesson-2-reflection-prompts.md, before:

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    Git starts tracking the files. To have the advantages of a version control system.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
    
    It prepares files to be commited. It allow us to have a preview of what a commit could have.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
  
    To store changes before commiting them.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    There will be situations where you would like to try a new feature or try something crazy without poluting the master branch

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

Commit message:

Add reflections on how diagrams help us visualize branch history

lesson-2-reflection-prompts.md, after:

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    Git starts tracking the files. To have the advantages of a version control system.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
    
    It prepares files to be commited. It allow us to have a preview of what a commit could have.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
  
    To store changes before commiting them.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    There will be situations where you would like to try a new feature or try something crazy without poluting the master branch

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    By giving a visual representation of the branch and its history

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
